
your selecting a service from the ones i actually use
(still forcing usable output regardless of how sloppy then merge the scripts with html/css out image. overlay. sshd. etc

and passing a command start stop restart status


input for container... redirects to either image or overlay

input for system... only after index.cgi login

input for index.cgi: session auth 




fieldset
button to take input or take input and show input...
button generates a new timestamped cache 

fieldset
show timestamped cache - calling it monitor the basic heres the info box to get a wireframe

image.cgi is taking image 
overlay.cgi is taking image and overlay

ssl_fieldset: i want to see if i can blag client side certs i really need a database sqlite is good but for expanding it didnt have one click add column / add row 
which was annoying as i would loose data ive done sql before but the whole point of headerless was having remote tools?
using ram is a no go it dies alot at the moment 

session: the information i can stick in a database and filter, white/black list etc my udp tcp connection...

auth: current users can spawn a sshd remote desktop or shell to login into can now spawn a fcgiwrap socket which is a shell but with the crypto'd
comms that leave things open or refresh based on keys the "shit connection" mode 

input no need on index.cgi its only taking login which is what really needs a database 






system - what the host does / toggles / status, sshd,nginx,cgi.transmission,etc...
container - currently whats on home page a monitor / control panel for images and nodes
image - install / removal - config files,and the install scripts for them to work
node - 




erm so wtf apperently i have something i like the layout for

just adding buttons / generating code but i would probably use it 
how quick it would be to create a decent output even if its just trying to force a working version it loops alot and probably shouldnt
but useability goes through the roof 

good code shit usability bad crappy code really quick useable interface... : /




very custom built for my current needs pretty useless otherwise quick visual output of a given container directory 
takes the two inputs and displays things can upgrade this to whatever but mostly just the ease of a visual checkpoint of whats actually going on 







